# To do 
- [x] Backlinks don't seem to show up 
- [x] How to make the repo private. Looks like that isn't possible. Then I just shouldnt have private notes here then. 
- [ ] How to link to _index
- [x] Quickly convert to MD links - done using plugin 2022.09.10
- [ ] Style guide: number of # in headers to be standardised 

2022.09.10 
- Little win: **updating a plugin** so that it suits my needs... Simple code change but good to have it figured out operationally. The idea is very simple, just add /notes to the plugin which converts wikilinks to MD links. But had to figure out how to create a new plugin to update
	- Copy over the folder, change the name, update it in manifest.json
	- Use textedit.app and it automatically saves each time (also dangerous)
2022.09.02 
Terminal: Git commit stuff 
- use 'ls' to see what the directories are
- Usually it's just cd quartz
- Doing it once is enough 
- Then type the rest 

```shell
# Navigate to Quartz folder
cd <path-to-quartz>

# Commit all changes
git add .
git commit -m "message describing changes"

# Push to GitHub to update site
git push origin hugo
```

This will then push changes to the github directory...

git push origin hugo: if there is error, do 
Git pull
i
Write some message
Escape
:wq
Enter
Then git push origin hugo again


### Troubleshooting
- title, alias, tags must all be correct, if not there will be errors
- File names don't seem to work that well. Best is to have a simple file name, then change the alias to something else, then it should be fine 2022.09.10 
- 2022.09.10 backlinks don't show up: 
	- Ensure the links are the MD links, not wikilinks (actually, it seems to work. But anyway, for now should just use the full MD links, in case want to get out of obsidian or publish somewhere else... more portable it seems)
	- Ensure that **front matter** is in place. 


Callout stuff 
> [!tldr] Summaries
> Test 

> [!note]-
> Summaries
> Test 